Venezuela's economy is gone it's dead
there are no signs of life crime is
rampant in the country chaos is
spreading and the currency is worthless
in a panic attempt to restore the shreds
of fossils that remain Venezuela has
decided to further devalue their
currency against the US dollar you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we will get into Venezuela
I will show you several charts I'm going
to show you some articles let's
begin the boulevard is essentially
worthless at this time as more and more
money printing occurs take a look at
this M3 money supply chart you'll see a
consistent increase in the amount of
money in circulation in
Venezuela stock market Market
Venezuela's stock market is rising
faster than any other this is all thanks
to their worthless currency take a look
at this chart which makes one thing very
clear a rising stock market is not an
indicator of the health of an economy
would you invest in the Venezuela stock
market interest rates interest rates
have been increasing to near
22% at this time time in an effort to
cool down inflation the Venezuelan
government has increased rates but lo
and behold they have no power a
hyperinflation cannot be stopped
regardless of what the central planners
believe Central Bank the balance sheet
of the central bank has without surprise
increased dramatically over the years
following the foot steps of the fed the
central bank has used the same policies
a complete
failure Venezuela's inflation rate has
exceeded
800% looking now at
propaganda with daily riots happening
people dying starvation hyperinflation
crime and widespread violence the
mainstream media is doing a great job of
covering this right actually not even
close out of approximately 50,000 total
evening news stories on ABC CBS and NBC
combined in the last four years just
25 have covered the ongoing crisis in
socialist Venezuela
now we look at the main article for
today crisis hit Venezuela devalued its
currency by
64% in a dollar auction that aimed to
stabilize its Foreign Exchange Market
the attempt here was to stabilize it and
the effects of which will ultimately
seem worthless in a short period of time
the joke the absolute joke is that they
believe that this is the beginning of a
process of economic recovery this is the
kind of lies that are told so often and
it just seems to me that the mainstream
media is willing to push these type
of complete and utter BS that we have to
see all the time look at what's
happening Venezuelan judge shot dead at
barricade as unrest
persists there's at least 61 people who
have died in these anti-government
protests that's what's occurring right
now people
are dying there are many many more which
have been seriously wounded as a result
assult and I'm not advocating
necessarily that this happens I'm just
reporting on it and showing you what
happens when people are pushed to the
edge and last but not least Venezuela's
national guard forces on Wednesday
assaulted several
reporters as they covered a protest
against
Muro the troops beat him as he tried to
take pictures and then he goes on to
describe it
beating up
reporters this is the type of thing when
you know it's a civil war it's the
military the police and the government
essentially against the people we cannot
fall into the same trap when a
government gets too big it will do
nothing but consume itself into its own
destruction if if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books globally economic collapse
which is my new release and the money
GPS even more informative you can
actually look through these books just
go over to Amazon they have a look
inside feature that's going to allow you
to flip through these books to see if
you like them if you want to see more
about the books or even check out the
audiobook version of global econom IC
collapse just go over to the money
gps.com I have little trailers for these
books and you can see a little bit more
detail of that if you're interested
that's at the money gps.com take care